Archive-Name: infidx12.zip
Program-Name: infidx.exe
Version.....: 1.3
Abstract....: A program to open an INF-file from a user configurable selection-
              listbox of all INF-files instead of over WPS-Objects.
OS/2-Version: 2.1 GA german (builded and testet)
Purpose.....: As I have much of my INF-files on a removable MO-disk, I don't
              want to create static WPS-objects for them, but I need a way to
              decect dynamically which INF-files are there and display only 
              these ones. (Is the disk insertet or not?)
 
              Other advantages are:
               - fixed screen portion needed (independent of # of INF-files)
               - order/sorting determined by user (order of dirs in BOOKSHELF
                 and order of entries in the config files)
               - the setup is easily ported over all reinstallations, as it is
                 done in plain text files
               - you can add your own (longer) titles to the INF-files in the 
                 list
 
              This program is to fullfill this job. It will search in all 
              directories listed in the environment variable BOOKSHELF for a
              file called 'infidx'. These configuration files must hold the
              name and a description for all the INF-files that are to be shown
              in the selection list. There may reside one 'infidx'-file in each
              scanned directory and the contents of all of them is shown in the
              list in the order the entries are read.
 
              The program interfaces the user with a dialog. This dialog
              contains a listbox, and four buttons (OPEN, EXIT, REINIT and 
              ABOUT).
 
              To view an INF-file, select the corresponding entry in the listbox
              and push the OPEN button.
 
              To exit the program just push the EXIT button.
 
              To rebuild the list after any changes made by you (changes of a
              config file or media changes in drives in your BOOKSHELF-path).
Keywords....: PM, 32bit, INF, VIEW, PM-TOOLS, DOCUMENTATION
Location....: ??? pm-tools (as I write this I do not know where it was put by
              you)
Replacement.: This release replaces infidx12.zip.
Changes.....: - Fixed a memory leak on reinit action.
              - Added LICENCE and DISCLAIMER to documentation.
